now look right at the lens don't look at
me even though it's very tempting Elsa
do you think the camera tells the truth
absolutely not to take 20 pictures in
two minutes and they're so different
that's I love about it it's not real at
all in those days it was unheard of for
a nice Jewish girl not to live with her
parents my mother was always telling me
I was ridiculous I'm high in New York as
the secretary I met all these people and
there I was too what was easier than
taking pictures
it had to be called something what could
be better my camera I was at harvest
portraits have always been what's
interesting to me the surfaces of people
you are responsible for how you look in
front of my camera this is what you're
giving me this is what you're going to
get back
don't forget a lot of eason mistakes the
client chooses one and the other one is
a region I called the b-side this is
probably better than the one they did
take why didn't the family want it
when did you know the film is just no
longer going to be available I tried to
deny it all the sudden these scammers
bear artifacts like ashtrays and they
threw away the most wonderful things if
you're a photographer always nailing
down what's the now it doesn't matter
how much he tries to know is racing
beyond you in my life I've worked hard
not to be down I don't like to take
pictures of people who are sad I have
this idea that it's my role in the
universe to make people feel better
[Music]
Cheyenne's to the phone store we're
filming here we run film right now
places 60